#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Type-Guide

== How fast is SVM learning? =

Users often find the SVM learning algorithm to take too much time. This, however, may be a reflection of the particular choice of learning parameters. For instance, attempting to create a hard-margin SVM (with very high C) using a linear kernel in a non-linearly separable dataset will diverge and possibly lead to an infinite loop. 

In those cases, consider using the automatic parameter estimation routines in SequentialMinimalOptimization and in the choosen Kernel function. Values returned by those routines may lead to more sparse machines and faster training times.

== Why can't I open Excel worksheets using ExcelReader? ==

To open Excel files, you have to install the [http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=13255 Microsoft Access Database Engine 2010 Redistributable], available [http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=13255 here]. This engine, also known as ACE, is a replacement for JET, the old ODBC driver which could be used to open Excel 2003 workbooks. 

In order to use ACE in both 32-bit and 64-bit applications, you need to install both redistributables from the Microsoft website. To install them both, you need to use the /passive command line switch to prevent the installation from failing once it detects another component version already installed. After downloading the executables, run:

 * C:\Users\You\Downloads\AccessDatabaseEngine.exe /passive
 * C:\Users\You\Downloads\AccessDatabaseEngine_x64.exe /passive