#summary Who is using the framework.
#labels Featured

=Project Showcase=

 <g:plusone size="large"></g:plusone>

This page enlists several works which have used Accord.NET in some point of their development. The framework also has been used in a number of academic studies, and the number keeps rising. If you have any interesting application of the framework, feel free to post about it on the [http://groups.google.com/group/accord-net project forums]. 


== Developer projects ==

<table>
<tr>
<td>
 * [http://www.windowsphone.com/en-US/apps/fe1a5891-61de-4553-8741-fcce23a56291 Point and Call] - Windows phone application to read a phone number using the phone's camera. After reading the number, it is possible to either call or save this number in your contact list, useful for reading numbers from magazines or business cards.

 * [http://harperia.ru/en/home.html Harperia] - Language agnostic speech recognition. Uses AForge.NET and Accord.NET to process audio signals and recognize specific recordings using Neural Networks.

 * GMM-EM - Estimates parameters of a multidimensional Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) by expectation-Maximization (EM) methods and performs Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) analysis based on given true labels of input vectors in medical research. Created in a time where GMMs were not yet available in Accord.NET, this project uses a combination of many libraries to achieve its goals. <br />
</td>
<td>
<wiki:video width="240px" height="160" url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mwRDGheiWw"/></td>
</tr>
</table>

== Academical studies ==

The following papers include at least a citation to the framework, reference material published based on the framework or have used standalone code which now has been incorporated in the framework. Some of those have been found using search engines or automatic alerts. If your paper has been incorrectly incorporated in this collection, please let me know.

 * M. Afif, A-R. Hedar, Data Classification Using Support Vector Machine Integrated With Scatter Search Method, Proceedings of the 2012 Japan-Egypt Conference on Electronics, Communications and Computers (JEC-ECC 2012), Article number 6186977, Pages 168-172, Alexandria, 6-9 March 2012.

 * M. Afif,  A-R. Hedar, T. H. Abdel Hamid, Y.  B. Mahdy, Support Vector Machines With Weighted Powered Kernels For  Data Classification, The first International Conference on Advanced Machine Learning Technologies and Applications (AMLTA12), 2012. Available on http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-35326-0_37

 * M. Afif,  A-R. Hedar, T. H. Abdel Hamid, Y. B. Mahdy,  Parameter Determination Of Support Vector Machine Using Scatter Search Approach,   The 22nd International Conference on Computer Theory and Applications (ICCTA 2012), 2012.

 * M. Afif, A-R. Hedar, T. H. Abdel Hamid, Y. B. Mahdy, SS-SVM (3SVM): A New Classification Method for Hepatitis Disease Diagnosis, 	 International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications (IJACSA), 4(2), 53-58, 2013.

 * César Roberto de Souza, Ednaldo Brigante Pizzolato, Mauro dos Santos Anjo. Fingerspelling Recognition with Support Vector Machines and Hidden Conditional Random Fields. Advances in Artificial Intelligence – IBERAMIA 2012. Lecture Notes in Computer Science Volume 7637, 2012, pp 561-570. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-34654-5_57

 * Eli T. Brown, Jingjing Liu, Carla E. Brodley, Remco Chang. Dis-Function: Learning Distance Functions Interactively. To appear in the Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Visual Analytics Science and Technology, 2012.

 * Guido Soetens, Estimating the limitations of single-handed multi-touch input. Master Thesis, Utrecht University. September, 2012.

 * K. N. Pushpalatha, A. K. Gautham, D. R. Shashikumar, K. B. ShivaKumar. Iris Recognition System with Frequency Domain Features optimized with PCA and SVM Classifier, IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 9, Issue 5, No 1, September 2012.

 * Reza Taherkhani, Mohammad Kia. Designing a high accuracy 3D auto stereoscopic eye tracking display, using a common LCD monitor. Journal of 3D Research, July 2012, 3:2.

 * Arnaud Ogier, Thierry Dorval. HCS-Analyzer: Open source software for High-Content Screening data correction and analysis. Bioinformatics. First published online May 13, 2012. 

 * Ludovico Buffon, Evelina Lamma, Fabrizio Riguzzi, and Davide Forment. Un sistema di vision inspection basato su reti neurali. In Matteo Baldoni, Federico Chesani, Bernardo Magnini, Paola Mello, and Marco Montai, editors, Popularize Artificial Intelligence. Proceedings of the AI*IA Workshop and Prize for Celebrating 100th Anniversary of Alan Turing's Birth (PAI 2012), Rome, Italy, June 15, 2012, number 860 in CEUR Workshop Proceedings, pages 1-6, Aachen, Germany, 2012.

 * Liam Williams, Spotting The Wisdom In The Crowds. Master Thesis on Joint Mathematics and Computer Science. Imperial College London, Department of Computing. June, 2012.

 * Yaser Alosefer, Analysing Web-based Malware Behaviour through Client Honeypots. PhD Thesis. Cardiff University, School of Computer Science & Informatics, 2012.

 * Almeida, R. N., Portuguese Sign Language Recognition via Computer Vision and Depth Sensor. Master Thesis. Lisbon University Institute, Department of Science and Information Technology. October, 2011.

 * Alosefer, Y.; Rana, O.F.; "Predicting client-side attacks via behaviour analysis using honeypot data," Next Generation Web Services Practices (NWeSP), 2011 7th International Conference on , vol., no., pp.31-36, 19-21 Oct. 2011

 * Brummitt, L. Scrabble Referee: Word Recognition Component, 2011. Final project report. University of Sheffield, Sheffield, England.

 * Cani, V., 2011. Image Stitching for UAV remote sensing application. Master Degree Thesis. Computer Engineering, School of Castelldefels of Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya. Barcelona, Spain. 

 * Feuerstack, S., Colnago, J. H. and Souza, C. R.; Designing and Executing Multimodal Interfaces for the Web based on State Chart XML. Proceedings of 3a. Conferência Web W3C Brasil 2011, The 3rd W3C Brazil Web Conference, 17th-18th November, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 2011.

 * Hassani, A. Z.; "Touch versus in-air Hand Gestures: Evaluating the acceptance by seniors of Human-Robot Interaction using Microsoft Kinect," Master Thesis, University of Twente, Enschede, Netherlands, 2011.

 * Kaplan, K., 2011. ADES: Automatic Driver Evaluation System. PhD Thesis, Boğaziçi University, Istanbul, Turkey.

 * Wright, M., Lin, C.-J., O'Neill, E., Cosker, D. and Johnson, P., 2011. 3D Gesture recognition: An evaluation of user and system performance. In: Pervasive Computing - 9th International Conference, Pervasive 2011, Proceedings. Heidelberg: Springer Verlag, pp. 294-313.

 * Deinhofer, M., Roland L., Baca, A., 2010. Klassifizierung von Schlagtechniken im Badminton mittels Mustererkennung aus Inertialdaten. 13 Österreichische Sportwissenschaftliche Gesellschaft, Bruch an der Mur.

 * Le Hoang Thai,Tran Son Hai,Nguyen Thanh Thuy, "Image Classification using Support Vector Machine and Artificial Neural Network", IJITCS, vol.4, no.5, pp.32-38, 2012.

 * Kungcharoen, K.; Palangsantikul, P.; Premchaiswadi, W. "Development of object detection software for a mobile robot using an AForge.Net framework", 9th International Conference on ICT and Knowledge Engineering (ICT & Knowledge Engineering), pp.201-206, 12-13 Jan. 2012.

 * Lourenço, J., 2010. Wii3D: Extending the Nintendo Wii Remote into 3D. Final course project report, Rhodes University, Grahamstown. 110p.

 * Mendelssohn, T.; 2010. Gestureboard - Entwicklung eines Wiimote-basierten, gestengesteuerten, Whiteboard-Systems für den Bildungsbereich. Final project report. Hochschule Furtwangen University,  Furtwangen im Schwarzwald, Germany.


<br />
= Preferred citation style =

If you use Accord.NET Framework in your research, you are invited to cite the project in your publication. There are many advantages in clearly stating all tools used in a research, including the increased reproducibility and transparency which should be the goal of any serious academic publication. If you would like to accept this invitation and cite Accord.NET or any material published together the framework in your work, the preferred style of citation is:

 * C. R. Souza, "The Accord.NET Framework," Apr 2012; http://accord.googlecode.com